PostgreSQL extensions documentation (#3846)
prisma/docs: content/200-concepts/100-components/01-prisma-schema/10-postgresql-extensions.mdx

- [`pgcrypto`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/pgcrypto.html): provides cryptographic functions
- [`uuid-ossp`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/uuid-ossp.html): provides functions to generate universally unique identifiers (UUIDs)
- [`postgis`](https://postgis.net/): adds GIS (Geographic Information Systems) support

Extensions are introspected as follows:

- The first time you introspect, all database extensions that are on the allowlist are added to your Prisma schema
- When you re-introspect, the behavior depends on whether the extension is on the allowlist or not.
  - Extensions on the allowlist:
    - are **added** to your Prisma schema if they are in the database but not in the Prisma schema
    - are **kept** in your Prisma schema if they are in the Prisma schema and in the database
    - are **removed** from your Prisma schema if they are in the Prisma schema but not the database
  - Extensions not on the allowlist:
    - are **kept** in your Prisma schema if they are in the Prisma schema and in the database
    - are **removed** from your Prisma schema if they are in the Prisma schema but not the database

> The `version` argument will not be added to the Prisma schema when you introspect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `version` and `schema` arguments will not be added to the Prisma schema when you introspect, but they will be changed if they are defined in the Prisma schema already, and the introspected values differ from the ones in the Prisma schema.
```
